Hi Simon,

Thanks for looping me in – appreciate the check-in.

Just to echo, Jamie’s been a great support to the team so far, especially helping us navigate some of the grey areas around the schema and data files. From a BICOE perspective, our main aim is to validate the ingestion system developed by Rob and team, and while we’ve stepped in to raise a few data/file-level issues to help Pricing, the ownership of these files rightly sits on their side.

I agree it's not for us (or Jamie) to decide on formats or field types – we’ll need someone from the Pricing side (either Diane or Matt) to confirm those decisions going forward. We’ll coordinate more closely with Sachin on this and make sure any file-level queries loop in the right people.

Re: data file dependencies – Shashi confirmed receipt of V3 Area file after speaking with Matt, though we’ve still got a few open observations we’re reviewing.

Cheers,
Rajesh
